# Generative-Education-with-AR

## Background to the Problem

When it comes to meaningfully developing knowledge and effectively interacting, the traditional classroom approach frequently falls short. Students often receive knowledge as a passive learning paradigm such as teachers or textbooks. Many educational concepts are taught in an abstract form without meaningful connections to the real world which hinders their ability to apply it in real world situations and limits their ability to remember it. Moreover, many students feel struggling and frustrated with the educational process because the one-size-fits-all approach to education does not account for a variety of learning styles and preferences. 

The root cause of the problem lies in the limitations of conventional education systems, which often struggle to engage and immerse learners effectively. This problem is crucial to address as it impacts the effectiveness of education in various domains, hindering the development of critical skills and knowledge in learners. Numerous STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) concepts continue to be taught in analog ways within traditional classrooms. Despite the rapid advancements in technology, many educational institutions still rely on conventional methods, such as textbooks and static visual aids, to convey complex STEM concepts. This persistence of analog teaching methods poses a significant challenge as it limits the dynamic and interactive nature of STEM education.

## Solution to the Problem

Our solution is to develop an immersive generative education system using Augmented Reality (AR) with assisted hardware. This system will help students and teachers alike to visualize, interact and simulate specific scenarios and procedures implemented by 3D projection technology. At the very basic, the system can help visualize complex mathematical problems with graphs and appropriate visuals. One can easily select any equation and see it in 3D space to analyze the shapes and equations in real life. Teachers can create engaging spatial content for their students. Teachers can also request Content Creators to create engaging contents for them. As this device will be used for education it is necessary that the control remains to the teachers. So, our device will have a dashboard where the teacher can manage every student’s device. What apps they can use, how long they can interact with it. They can even take assessments in a controlled environment where every app and resource will be either blocked off or unavailable made by the teacher. The device can use it’s GPS to automatically geo-fencing the virtual environment. Students can use this device to revise their notes or skim through lecture videos. Students can also take AR Field Trips in the lab. Guest users can join the field trips too. Our target users are Institutions with teachers and students belonging to educational institutions in a lab environment. They can also communicate in the holographic environment with directional speech. Institutions can customize the device to their needs. The field of AR is not very new but the advancement in this field has only caught up recently because we did not have enough computing power in the past for this kind of projects. But now we can easily run these solutions on ARM mobile SoCs. Many of the mobile processor even comes with Neural and Visual engine to support the computation that our device needs. This project is feasible more than ever before and in future with the advancement of CPUs this will only go lower. Some existing solutions include Apple Vision Pro, Microsoft Hololens, Zappar, Quiver or Google Expeditions AR (Currently merged with Google Arts & Culture), which range from interactive textbooks, 3D learning experiences to virtual explorations. Our system extends the existing solutions by adding a natural language interface, immersive reading experience, a 3D model view for pre-specified structures to improve understanding the design and simulation of related procedures.

This project is a category A for Bangladeshi education landscape and category B for international landscape.

Link: <a href="/final/SE_SecA_Group04_Final.pdf"> Generative Education with AR </a>